# Overview
Provide a clear description of the work required for this ticket.

> i.e. Create a `/_user` REST api endpoint, that only implements the GET HTTP Method.

# Expected Payloads
This section is used for signing off on messaging or templates generated by the Design Team or to clarify expected incoming payload requests or outgoing payloads generated by this change.

> i.e. Payloads shown below are associated to Success and Fail Responses to fetching a User via the `/_user` endpoint.

`GET {host:port}/api/v1/_user/1`

Success: `HTTP/1.1 200 OK`
```json
{
  "user_id": 1,
  "name": "Fred"
}
```

Failure: `HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request`
```json
{
  "msg": "FAILED TO FIND USER!",
  "error": {
    "status": 400,
    "stack": "",
    "msg": "Specified user_id not found in \"users\" table"
  }
}
```

# Acceptance Criteria
Provide clear acceptance cases that must be true for the work in the ticket to be considered complete.

- [ ] `GET` request to `_user` endpoint returns `200 OK` Success payload if `user_id` found in table
- [ ] `GET` request to `_user` endpoint returns `400 Bad Request` payload if user is not found

# Prerequisites

Please answer the following questions for yourself before submitting an issue.

- I've named a clear and solution focused title.
- I've checked the documentation and found no answer.
- I've checked to make sure that this issue has not already been filed.
- I've read the `CONTRIBUTING.md` document.
- I've labelled, estimated (both `time` and `weight`) and assigned this issue to a milestone.
- I'm reporting the issue to the correct repository.
